Remaining polish (#152)
myyoda/principles-paper: main.tex

A representative example is the choice between git-annex and Git LFS for large-file tracking.
Both appear under Self-containment and Tracking in Table~\ref{tab:stamped-tools}, but they occupy different points on a complexity-flexibility spectrum.
git-annex supports many remote types (e.g. other git repositories over SSH or HTTP, or simple cloud data stores such as S3, local drives, offline USB archives), making it well-suited to multi-institutional collaboration, long-term archival where data sovereignty or offline access is required, as well as local content tracking.
Git LFS offers a simpler alternative; it is transparent to users, natively supported by GitHub and GitLab, and

> broadly adopted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git LFS offers a simpler alternative; it is transparent to users, natively supported by GitHub and GitLab, and broadly adopted.
```
This line shouldnt have changed, one line per sentence.

Author: ugh, stupid IDE

But it is centralized (requiring an LFS server), lacks offline capability, and provides less flexible remote configurations.

> Lightweight STAMPED implementations using Git LFS are entirely feasible for easier onboarding, trading flexibility for reduced operational overhead.

Reviewer: 😆

Author: Long live whatever federation it keeps referring to is...

\hline
\textbf{Actionability (A)} &
Make, Snakemake, Nextflow, CWL, \texttt{datalad run}, \texttt{git annex addcomputed} &
Define executable specifications for workflows; provide clear entry points for reproducing results \\
\hline
\textbf{Modularity (M)} &
Git submodules, DataLad subdatasets, Kedro &
Organize components into independently versioned, composable modules; provide project templates with logical directory separation \\
\hline
\textbf{Portability (P)} &
Docker, Singularity, Nix, conda, pip (\texttt{pyproject.toml}, \texttt{requirements.txt}), npm &
Explicitly specify and isolate computational environments; container-based (OS-level isolation) or package-based (declarative, reproducible builds) \\
\hline
\textbf{Ephemerality (E)} &
Docker, Singularity, Docker Compose, Slurm, cloud deployments (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure, GitHub Actions) &
Spawn disposable, temporary environments per execution; validate that specifications are complete by reconstituting from scratch \\
\hline
\textbf{Distributability (D)} &
Zenodo, PyPI, conda-forge, GitHub Release CDN, DockerHub/GHCR, RO-Crate, \texttt{npm ci}, \texttt{pip freeze},

> executable compilers &

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zenodo, PyPI, conda-forge, GitHub Release CDN, DockerHub/GHCR, RO-Crate, \texttt{npm ci}, \texttt{pip freeze}, executable compilers &
```

\anchoredsubsubsection{pedagogical-examples}{Pedagogical examples}

> A comprehensive up-to-date review of existing tools is out of scope for this formalization paper and would quickly become outdated.

Reviewer: better here good call

\anchoredsubsubsection{teaching}{Teaching and onboarding}

Uptake through formal training is slow but compounding.

> As the ``train the trainer'' model used by the ReproNim program has demonstrated, students and early-career researchers who encounter these practices during training become some of the most effective propagators of the vocabulary, even if that propagation takes years to surface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the ``train the trainer'' model used by the ReproNim program has demonstrated, students and researchers who encounter these practices early in their career become some of the most effective propagators of open science, even if that propagation takes years to surface.
```

I thought this was better, but since its not about your change, feel free to drop if you disagree
